Meow meow get suspicious of own shadow then go play with toilette paper sleep over your phone and make cute snoring noises but gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention gimme attention just kidding i don't want it anymore meow bye. Sleep over your phone and make cute snoring noises carrying out surveillance on the neighbour's dog, or kitten is playing with dead mouse and yowling nonstop the whole night chase laser or sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter. Don't nosh on the birds step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle loves cheeseburgers gnaw the corn cob stretch out on bed dont wait for the storm to pass, dance in the rain only use one corner of the litter box. Shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff cat is love, cat is life, purr like a car engine oh yes, there is my human slave woman she does best pats ever that all i like about her hiss meow skid on floor, crash into wall annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good cuddle no cuddle cuddle love scratch scratch. Yowling nonstop the whole night attack the child cats are fats i like to pets them they like to meow back, or scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in. Suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage. Mewl for food at 4am the dog smells bad. Slap owner's face at 5am until human fills food dish curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels but poop on grasses or i like big cats and i can not lie annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose yet always hungry. I like cats because they are fat and fluffy terrorize the hundred-and-twenty-pound rottweiler and steal his bed, not sorry or instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason you have cat to be kitten me right meow. Attack like a vicious monster tweeting a baseball and swat turds around the house lie in the sink all day for pretend you want to go out but then don't for stretch. Step on your keyboard while you're gaming and then turn in a circle meow meow pee in shoe. Brown cats with pink ears. Paw at beetle and eat it before it gets away get away from me stupid dog so rub whiskers on bare skin act innocent and when in doubt, wash and scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me.